Psalm 9 to the chief musician to the
tune of death of the
a thumb of David I will praise you O
Lord with my whole heart I will tell of
all your marvelous works I will be glad
and rejoice in you I will sing praise to
your name
almost time when my enemies turn back
they shall fall and perish and your
presence for you have maintained my
right and my cause you sat on the throne
judging in righteousness you have
rebuked the nation's who have destroyed
the wicked you have blotted out their
name for ever and ever
Oh enemy destructions are finished
forever and you have destroyed cities
even their memory has perished but the
Lord shall endure forever he has
prepared his throne for judgment he
shall judge the world in righteousness
and he shall administer judgment for the
peoples in uprightness the Lord also
will be a refuge for the oppressed a
refuge in times of trouble
and those who know your name will put
their trust in you for you Lord have not
forsaken those who seek you sing praises
to the Lord who dwells in Zion declare
his deeds among the people when he
offends his blood he remembers them he
does not forget the cry of the humble
have mercy on me O Lord consider my
trouble from those who hate me you who
lift me up from the gates of death that
I may tell of all your praise in the
gates of the daughter of Zion I will
rejoice in your salvation the nation's
have sunk down in the pit which they
made in the net which they hid their own
foot is caught the Lord is known by the
judgment he execute the wicked is snared
in the work of his own hands the wicked
shall be turned into hell and all the
nations that forget God for the needy
shall not always be forgotten the
expectation of the poor shall not perish
forever arise O Lord do not let man
prevail let the nations be judged in
your sight put them in fear o Lord that
the nations may know themselves to be
but men
you
[Music]